Update `STATUS` column in example output for kubectl-gs `get releases` command (#1241)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/ui-api/kubectl-gs/get-releases.md

The standard tabular output format features these columns:

- `VERSION`: Unique identifier of the release.

> - `STATUS`: The state of the release (active, deprecated, preview, or WIP).

Reviewer: Some more explanation:

```suggestion
- `STATUS`: The state of the release. Possible states are:
  - `ACTIVE`: A stable release, fully supported.
  - `PREVIEW`: A preview for testing purposes only, not yet considered stable.
  - `WIP`: Work in progress, a release in development.
  - `DEPRECATED`: Has been replaced by a successor release. No longer recommended.
```
